# #3639. Query on a tree VII

内存限制：512 MiB时间限制：10 Sec

## 题目描述

You are given a tree (an acyclic undirected connected graph) with n nodes. The tree nodes are numbered from 1 to n. 

Each node has a color, white or black, and a weight.

We will ask you to perfrom some instructions of the following form:

- 0 u : ask for the maximum weight among the nodes which are connected to u, two nodes are connected iff all the node on the path from u to v (inclusive u and v) have a same color. 
- 1 u : toggle the color of u(that is, from black to white, or from white to black). 
- 2 uw: change the weight of u to w. 

## 输入格式

The first line contains a number n denoted how many nodes in the tree(1&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;n&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;105). The next n&thinsp;-&thinsp;1 lines, each line has two numbers (u,&thinsp; v) describe a edge of the tree(1&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;u,&thinsp; v&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;n). 

The next 2 lines, each line contains n number, the first line is the initial color of each node(0 or 1), and the second line is the initial weight, let's say Wi, of each node(|Wi|&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;109).

The next line contains a number m denoted how many operations we are going to process(1&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;m&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;105). The next m lines, each line describe a operation (t,&thinsp; u) as we mentioned above(0&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;t&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;2, 1&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;u&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;n, |w|&thinsp;&le;&thinsp;109).

## 输出格式

For each query operation, output the corresponding result.

## 样例

### 样例输入

    
    5
    1 2
    1 3
    1 4
    1 5
    0 1 1 1 1
    1 2 3 4 5
    3
    0 1
    1 1
    0 1
    
    
    

### 样例输出

    
    1
    5
    
    

## 数据范围与提示
