# #3863. The Revenge of the Princess’ Knight 

内存限制：128 MiB时间限制：10 Sec

## 题目描述

There is an old country and the king fell in love with a devil. The devil always asks the king to do some crazy things. Although the king used to be wise and beloved by his people. Now he is just like a boy in love and can&rsquo;t refuse any request from the devil. Also, this devil is looking like a very cute Loli.

The devil&rsquo;s birthday is approaching, of course, she wants some beautiful gift from the king. The king search everywhere in this kingdom, and finds a beautiful ring for her.

For simplicity, we can see this ring as a ring(so it is a cycle!) of lowercase characters with length n.

The king&rsquo;s cute daughter, WJMZBMR, gets nothing from her father in her birthday. She feels very sad. By the influence of the king and the devil, this kingdom is full of lolicon, some people think the king is unfair to his kawayi daughter, so they form a party called princess&rsquo;s knight and plan to destroy king&rsquo;s gift for the devil to make things fair.

The knight of the knight (or the lolicon of the lolicon), a man called z*p, has the chance to destroy the ring now. But due to his limitless of strength, he can only cut this ring into exactly k continuous parts. To please the princess, he want among those part, the maximum one respect to the lexicographical order is minimized. How can he do it?

## 输入格式

The first line contains an integer T, denoting the number of the test cases.

For each test case, the first line contains two integers n and k, which are the length of the ring and the parts z*p can cut.

The next line is a string represent the ring.

n <= 1000,1<=k<=n.

T <= 5.

## 输出格式

For each case, output the maximum part in one line.

## 样例

### 样例输入

    
    1
    20 3
    bbbaaaaabbabaabbbbaa
    

### 样例输出

    
    aaabbabaabbbbaabbb
    
    

## 数据范围与提示
