# #4758. [Usaco2017 Jan]Subsequence Reversal

内存限制：128 MiB时间限制：10 Sec

## 题目描述

Farmer John is arranging his NN cows in a line to take a photo (1&le;N&le;50). The height of the iith co

w in sequence is a(i), and Farmer John thinks it would make for an aesthetically pleasing photo if t

he cow lineup has a large increasing subsequence of cows by height.To recall, a subsequence is a sub

set a(i1),a(i2),&hellip;,a(ik)) of elements from the cow sequence, found at some series of indices i1<i2<

&hellip;<ik, We say the subsequence is increasing if a(i1)&le;a(i2)&le;&hellip;&le;a(ik).FJ would like there to be a l

ong increasing subsequence within his ordering of the cows. In order to ensure this, he allows himse

lf initially to choose any subsequence and reverse its elements.

For example, if we had the list

1 6 2 3 4 3 5 3 4

We can reverse the chosen elements

1 6 2 3 4 3 5 3 4

  ^         ^ ^ ^

to get

1 4 2 3 4 3 3 5 6

  ^         ^ ^ ^

Observe how the subsequence being reversed ends up using the same indices as it initially occupied, 

leaving the other elements unchanged.Please find the maximum possible length of an increasing subseq

uence, given that you can choose to reverse an arbitrary subsequence once.

给定一个长度为N的序列，允许翻转一个子序列，求最长不下降子序列长度。n和数字都<=50

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains N. The remaining N lines contain a(1)&hellip;a(N),

each an integer in the range 1&hellip;50.

## 输出格式

Output the number of elements that can possibly form a longest increasing subsequence 

after reversing the contents of at most one subsequence.

## 样例

### 样例输入

    
    9
    1
    2
    3
    9
    5
    6
    8
    7
    4
    

### 样例输出

    
    9
    

## 数据范围与提示
