# #4776. [Usaco2017 Open]Modern Art

内存限制：128 MiB时间限制：10 Sec

## 题目描述

modeArt critics worldwide have only recently begun to recognize the creative genius behind the great

bovine painter, Picowso.Picowso paints in a very particularway. She starts with an N&times;N blank canvas

, represented by an N&times;N grid of zeros, where a zero indicates an empty cell of the canvas. She then

draws N2 rectangles on the canvas, one in each of N2 colors (conveniently numbered 1&hellip;N2). For examp

le, she might start by painting a rectangle in color 2, giving this intermediate canvas:

2 2 2 0 

2 2 2 0 

2 2 2 0 

0 0 0 0

She might then paint a rectangle in color 7:

2 2 2 0 

2 7 7 7 

2 7 7 7 

0 0 0 0

And then she might paint a small rectangle in color 3:

2 2 3 0 

2 7 3 7 

2 7 7 7 

0 0 0 0

Each rectangle has sides parallel to the edges of the canvas, and a rectangle could be as large as t

he entire canvas or as small as a single cell. Each color from 1&hellip;N^2is used exactly once, although 

later colors might completely cover up some of the earlier colors.Given the final state of the canva

s, please count how many of the N^2colors could have possibly been the first to be painted.

给定一个n*n的矩阵，初始都为0，选择一个1到n*n的排列，然后按照这个排列的顺序，每次选择这个矩阵的一个非

空子矩形，然后涂上当前数字。现在给定最终的矩阵，求哪些数字可能是排列的第一位。

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains N, the size of the canvas (1&le;N&le;1000). The next N lines describe t

he final picture of the canvas, each containing N integers that are in the range 0&hellip;N^2. The input i

s guaranteed to have been drawn as described above, by painting successive rectangles in different c

olors.

## 输出格式

Please output a count of the number of colors that could have been drawn first.

## 样例

### 样例输入

    
    4
    2 2 3 0
    2 7 3 7
    2 7 7 7
    0 0 0 0
    

### 样例输出

    
    14
    
    In this example, color 2 could have been the first to be painted. Color 3 clearly had to have been p
    ainted after color 7, and color 7 clearly had to have been painted after color 2. Since we don't see
     the other colors, we deduce that they also could have been painted first.
    

## 数据范围与提示
